## This is my first blog post for phase1


The brief history about myself and how I start my data science journey

Start

This is Ziyuan, just call me Terry. My dad is always telling me that it’s better to use another beautiful-sounds English name. 
But I asked him instead: why didn’t you give me an easy-pronounced name that I don’t even need an English name. 
So many people pronounced my name incorrectly and to honor my first English teacher who gave me my first English name, I used “Terry” until today. 

Early Study history

I was born in China, a country with large population and intense competition. I was always the type of student had great interests and very good at math that 
I was always rank number one for the math final exam in my class. I liked to solve problems by using equations. A plenty of my classmates were complaining about 
it was miserable to recite all the math equations, but I never had this kind of thoughts. Memorizing different equations was one of my biggest strengths when I was 
in high school. After putting all my efforts in study, I could finally enter a great university in Beijing. I spent a year there and because of my dad’s job situation, 
our family moved to united states and enter the university of Oklahoma. For my major, I didn’t have too much concept about which major has more job opportunities 
in the future and I didn’t have a very interested major. Then I chose the study petroleum, because my dad works for an oil company in China, and I believe 
it will be easier for me to learn about this major and could get more help from my dad. 


Everything was not easy

For the last few years, I used to do some lab works in university laboratory and did some data analysis with my teammates. It could help me to build more teamwork and 
communication skills however, it was a boring work and that’s not the life I want. The job opportunity for my major on the market is not that good as well. 
I searched a lot of websites and asked different people about their thought of oil industry. I found out that the oil price was always ups and downs, 
and for most big oil companies, they will open more job opportunities when they believe the oil price could be at a high level for a long period. 
Even the oil price was high for few months early 2022, the job market was still not that good. And to be honest, the oil and gas industry is in a downward trend, 
and I’m not optimistic about its future. Meanwhile the United States energetically trying to develop new energy resource, for example, like Tesla electric vehicle. 
That’s a big sign that the traditional oil and gas industry might get replaced by new energy resources in the future. That’s one of the biggest reasons I was trying 
to start a new journey with data science.

Why data science and Flatiron

I had some coding history. When I was an undergraduate student, I got opportunity to take three computer science courses for some reasons. 
During the course, I used Eclipse and java programming to solve some easy problems and did some short projects. And after I considered about my career change, 
I spoke with different people about their career. There could be many options to me, for example consulting, maybe business and computer. 
I was thinking about computer science or software engineering, however according to my previous computer science experience, I was not confident 
that I could handle it successfully. One of my friends convinced me that I could try data science because I’m good at math and have strong logical thinking ability. 

For the reason to choose Flatiron, I knew that the bootcamps are short-term and intensive programs could teach students multiple skills and be easier to find a 
job with their professional career advisors after graduation. One of the biggest problems to me was there’s not a guide to push me to success and I strongly believe 
that Flatiron could make me successful. Even Flatiron couldn’t give me a job directly, with practices through different projects and great career service team, 
I could have more highlights on my resume and make me more marketable. 

I was thinking about the difference between university study and bootcamps. I used to be a university student for a long time, and I don’t think university study 
is a better method than bootcamp. With my experience in collage, I could have a long time to learn about basic concepts day by day with no stress, however, 
even I know a lot of basic knowledge, I don’t have too many opportunities to practice. We might have one big project one semester and many students even wait
until the end of semester to start the project, nut the still pass the course. Is this learning method going to help me a lot? I don’t think so.
I really don’t want to waste time in university, and I want to have more time to work and practices. In flatiron, we have 5 projects in 15 weeks and great career
services which attracted me a lot. Also in Flatiron School, it has a money back guarantee rule that if students could not find a job within 6 months after graduation,
they will be refunded the tuition. Even I don’t think that’s the case to me, a guarantee is a guarantee. 

After all the consideration I made above, I finally decided to attend this bootcamp in Flatiron. I had finished my first week work. 
At the beginning of the camp, I was very nervous and stressful. But with the help from a group of nice classmates and two of my great instructors Daniel, and Lera, 
I started to feel more comfortable and got better and better. All I need to do in the future study is just keeping hardworking, 
and I’m really excited about my data science career. Good luck to me and all my classmates. Let’s do it!


'''tsq1
SELECT*
FROM sys.tables
WHERE [name] = 'SomeTable'
'''
